---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-06T10:26:25.425Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-06T10:26:24.863Z'
title: Sea Life of the Maldives
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-06-790b627c-364b-4634-b8bf-bc7bb3eb2d2f.md
published: true
url: 790b627c-364b-4634-b8bf-bc7bb3eb2d2f/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Introducing the Maldives

The Maldives consist of a number of islands along the Indian Ocean just off the coast of India. These islands are well known for their clear blue waters that run deep, lovely, white sandy beaches and plenty of marine life. The islands are very popular with local and foreign tourists. Visitors from around the world flock these islands for the exciting sea life Maldives has to offer. Maldives seal life includes the following

* Turtle
* Shark
* Manta
* Tuna
* Whale shark

All these are just some of the sea life that any tourist to these islands can expect to view. However, there are lots of other things to see and do. To view marine life with relative ease, it is necessary for interested visitors to get into a boat and travel to the deep ocean. Sometimes it is advisable to use a glass bottom boat for ease of viewing.

## Other kinds of marine life at the Maldives

There are lots of other kinds of marine life at the Maldives. These make the bio life and sea life complete. It is great to know that much of these islands and the surrounding waters have been left unspoiled for a long time. The area is much like nature intended for it to be. Some of the other species of marine life and sea life

Maldives visitors will adore include

* Angel fish
* Barracuda
* Butterfly fish
* Eagle Ray
* Grey Reef Shark
* Stingray

These are just some of the many species of fish available over there.

## Getting out to sea

The best and easiest way to enjoy all the sea life at the Maldives is to get onto an open boat such as a yacht and set out into the open sea. Here, visitors will be delighted by the large variety of marine life that can be viewed there. Many people save up just so they can travel to these lovely islands for a nice and enjoy able holiday. It is an amazing destination that is number one on the list of many international travelers around the world.