---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-06T10:26:06.847Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-06T10:24:30.400Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-06-f49d74b2-ec31-42f5-bf52-d38f600a593c.md
published: true
url: f49d74b2-ec31-42f5-bf52-d38f600a593c/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Taking A Dive In The Maldives**

The Maldive Islands feature some of the most exquisite marine environments on Earth. Laden with coral reefs and sandy atolls, there is every reason to go on a diving holiday in the Maldives.

Witnessing the underwater realm of this remote location is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. The fish species are diverse and coloured in every spectrum. Striped or spotted, there are also many other sea creatures to look out for.

**Maldives Underwater**

The underwater ecology of the Maldives is tremendous. Host to manta, marble and eagle rays, the sea is alive with peaceful sharks of many kinds. Grey reef, nurse and whale are just a few types that divers have the chance to see when diving liveaboard in the Maldives.

On the sea floor, unique crustaceans and molluscs offer a spectacle of their own. For divers of any level, whether beginner or expert, it is possible to enjoy a Maldives holiday from an underwater perspective that is second to none.

**Liveaboard in the Maldives**

Taking a liveaboard holiday in Maldives can fill the mind with beautiful images. Surrounded by quick-moving schools of fish, a feeling of awe is apparent as you immerse yourself in the turquoise waters.

With basic or advanced training, a liveaboard itinerary can provide divers with convenience and comfortable luxury. Including full board, private cabin and aqua lung dive equipment, a relaxed trip is guaranteed.

**Essentials To Bring**

• trousers and shirts

• shorts and/or skirt

• sweater or light jacket

• insect repellent

• hat and sunscreen

• bathing suit, and

• flip-flops or sandals.

**A Diving Destination**

When booking a liveaboard vacation in the Maldives, it is best to travel light, and arrange appropriate dive and travel insurance ahead of time. A valid passport is also required for entry into the islands.

Maldives is a popular dive destination and attracts divers from all over the world. As remote as it may seem, its international airport connects with flights from Europe and Asia on a regular basis. Domestic flights are also scheduled and are a reliable means of transferring divers to their next liveaboard adventure.